Document the cleaning of consumed events feature (#14341)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/dead-letter-queues.asciidoc

Set the value to `drop_newer` (default) to stop accepting new values that would push the file size over the limit. 
Set the value to `drop_older` to remove the oldest events to make space for new ones.

===== Automatic cleaning of consumed events

> By default, dead letter queue input plugin doesn't remove the events that it consumes, it just commits a reference
> to avoid re-processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the dead letter queue input plugin does not remove the events that it consumes.
Instead, it commits a reference to avoid re-processing events.
```
